[OP-19693] docs: Document identifier enumeration during project creation (#24546)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/users-permissions/roles-permissions/README.md

To access the **Copy** action from a project's settings, users must also be able to open the project settings (typically by having the **Edit project** permission). Alternatively, users can create a new project from a project template, if available.

### Project identifier visibility

The global **Create projects** permission and the project **Create subprojects** permission both allow users to validate a new project's identifier to check whether it is still available.

> Because project identifiers must be unique across the entire instance (they are used to address a project in URLs and the API), this check considers **all** projects, including those the user cannot otherwise see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Because project identifiers must be unique across the entire instance (they are used to address a project in URLs and the API), this check considers **all** projects, including those the user cannot otherwise see.
```

Reviewer: @thykel this could be a good way to underline the importance on this information.

- [Create projects](../../../getting-started/projects/#create-a-new-project)

> [!TIP]

> > To create a subproject for an existing project the project permission "Create subprojects" is also required. Before granting either permission, see [Project identifier visibility](#project-identifier-visibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To create a subproject for an existing project the project permission "Create subprojects" is also required. Before granting either permission, we recommend to consider the [project identifier visibility aspect](#project-identifier-visibility).
```

- [Create projects](../../../getting-started/projects/#create-a-new-project)

> [!TIP]

> > To create a subproject for an existing project the project permission "Create subprojects" is also required. Before granting either permission, we recommend to consider the [project identifier visibility aspect](#project-identifier-visibility).

Reviewer 2: Since this links to the section that my PR adds, let's just merge mine first and then we're fine without needing to rebase 🙂
